. This is Lawrence Ryan announcing
Thursday, October the most comprehensive
suite of components online www
dot  dot com. Hi,
this is Scott Hanselman and
this is another episode of
Hansel minutes. And today we've
got a very special guest
Chris Walker from secret labs.
Coming on to talk about
a new net Duino project.
We talked to Colin Miller
a little bit, a few
weeks ago about what the
dotnet micro framework is. Now.
I wanted to go straight
to the source of some
hardware. Talk to Chris. How's
it going, sir? Good. Hi
Scott. Good to be on
the show. Very cool. Thank
you for taking the time
before you, you tell us
what you've got cooking over
there. I want to dig
in a little bit on
what exactly you're building, how
you built it. I got
the idea and how this
relates to Arduino. So maybe
you can give me a
little history. All right. No,
very good are are doing
for those that don't know,
is this really cool open
source eight bit platform that
you can use to build
projects? There's a lot of
artists to build electronics projects
from it. That's really kind
of the Genesis of it,
but it allows people who
have never done programming or
never done electronics before to
hook up motors and lights
and things like this to
a microcontroller and to build
things. So net wino is
kind of the next generation
or the extension of that
idea, open source community electronics,
but using the dotnet micro
framework, this really powerful platform,
which allows you to build
even bigger projects, more sophisticated
things at about the same
price. How is that possible
at about the same price?
You know, microcontrollers come down
in price over time and
we've lived in a world
where we had eight bit
computers and then we switched
to 32 beds. Well, this
is the year where we're
starting to see some transition
from APEC microcontrollers, those things
that you have in remote
controls or baby monitors or
pedestrian stoplights, the low end
of the computer processor spectrum.
We're seeing the spectrum of
those to 32 bit as
well. And by using the
dotnet micro framework, we make
it very simple to program
those processors. So the costs
coming down and the dynamic
or framework have kind of
created this perfect universe where
we can now start moving
to that 32 bit world.
So tell me about like
what's on this board. People
can see this. If they
go to knit, do we
know.com and there's some other
hardware vendors that create similar
boards. What's on this little
board. Alright. So on this
board, you have a microcontroller,
the difference you, a microcontroller
and a processor, which would
be in your computer is
it, these are very low
end. There's still 32 beds,
but they have like half
a Meg of storage space
and 128 K of Ram.
So they're like a three
86 from years and years
and years ago. But on
this board, you have a
push button. You have a
bunch of connections where you
can plug in wires, you
have a USB port and
you have a power plug
effectively. What you do with
this board. It's the brain
of your next electronics project.
So you're going to plug
a motor into it. You're
going to plug an led
into it. You're going to
plug a push button or
a ZigBee radio into it.
But it's basically the baseboard
that everything gets built from.
And like you mentioned, it's
actually designed in the Arduino
form factor. So we, our
attempt was to make it
a hundred percent compatible where
possible with all of the
Arduino accessories out there, which
means that there's a ton
of things you can buy
and already plug in and
support the existing open source
hardware community at the same
time. Okay. So assuming that
I don't know anything about
hardware, I know a little
bit, I know enough to
be dangerous, but let's assume
that I, and the listeners
don't know anything about that.
We've got a different processor,
we've got a different kind
of core firmware, an operating
system for this little platform.
What is it that is
compatible? How can you say
that that's compatible with the
daughter boards from Arduino? Are
we compatible at the voltage
level or at the, you
know, what specification are we
compatible with At the pen
and communication level? So actually,
let me, let me go
into that a little bit
on the Arduino boards you
have about 20 different what
are called pins or connection
points where you can hook
in wires or, or LEDs,
et cetera, et cetera. In
those, you have a few
different communication protocols, a few
different ways. You can do
things. You have something called
PWM, which makes waves that
can change the intensity of
that light, or can drive
a motor. You have something
called spy, which is a
communication protocol. That's similar in
some ways to a serial
port on the computer, you
have something called I squared
C, which is another communication
protocol that you can Daisy
chain, multiple devices together on
the net, wino the arm
processor on it. Isn't like
the AVR eight-bit processor on
the Arduino. So we actually
added special circuitry on the
board so that those pin
connections, which you can plug
those shields into are all
at the same place logically
so that when you get
one of those accessory daughter
boards, it will work on
the net. Do we know
you might need to create
a driver? There is a
voltage issue because 32 is
3.3 volts. Whereas eight bet
was primarily five volts, but
the net do we know
digital pins can also accept
five volts signals without damaging
the board. So most cases,
things just work. Okay. So
let me see if I
can translate a few things
for people who may not
be native English speakers, or
may not have a be
hardware, enough people that they,
what you said you've used
the term daughter boards you've
used. The term shields is
that the shield is what
the Arduino guys call these,
these little additional boards that
you stack on top of
the, the main board. Yeah,
that's exactly correct. In the
Arduino community. One of the
really cool things about open
source hardware is because all
the specifications are public. There's
a large group of people
who have created innovative ideas
on how to expand the
platform. And so they've created
what they call shields, which
are expansion boards, which stack
on top. And when I
make something, when I make
hardware open source, like if
I make, if I make
software open source, I release
the source. But with hardware,
I assume I release a
PDF of what the board
looks like, or what do
I release? I'm going to
make a shield that I
want to work with a
net Duino or an Arduino.
So for opensource hardware, you
don't have to make your
hardware open source to make
it work with the Arduino
or the net Dwayne or
any of the open source
sports. We love it. The
community does a lot of
it, but to make your
board open source effectively, what
you do is you publish
the source and the source
comes in two forms. One
is your schematics some day
publish as PDF. Some people
publish in a binary data
file, which can be converted
into a visual representation of
the electronic circuit, like a
PDF. And then the other
is the board design file.
If you go to net,
do we know.com? You go
to the downloads page, you
can actually download the board
design file, which you could
send off to a board
manufacturer. They would actually make
you a board, which looked
like an Edwina. And if
you had Matt soldering skills,
you could actually put one
together yourself. Oh wow. So
I'm looking at this PDF
here. It's a big eight
and a half by 11
PDF. Looks like just one
page. And it's, this is
the description of what I
would need to build my
own net wino board. That's
exactly right. And it's totally,
it's totally open. What is
it licensed in there? So
the license on all of
the board design is commanded
files assigned called creative commons
attribution. And what that means
is you're welcome to use
it. You just need to
say, Hey, this was inspired
by net Duino, but it's
royalty free. You can use
it in your projects. And
if you do build something
with your net, we know
that you want to go
and turn into a commercial
product. You can take our
design files, integrate them into
your own product and go
off and build something and
sell it in the world.
You don't need to stick
a net Duino inside each
inch box. Okay? So the
board has these, these pin
outs, these, these little blue
pin outs, and it says,
once says digital IO and
one says analog in. And
then there's a power block.
These are called, is that
called GPI? So GPIO is,
are the digital pins on
the net? We know we
advertise, the six of them
are analog and 14 of
the pins are digital. In
reality, all of them can
do digital. The analog pins
will also do digital GPIO
means general purpose in footnote.
Now you said I needed
to write a driver though.
Now it's scary enough that
as a software guy, I'm
going to start doing hardware,
but then you said, I
have to write a driver
for something. And that got
really scary because from my
perspective, writing a driver in
windows might be, you know,
extremely low level. And it
has to really conform to
some specification for drivers. But
I think perhaps you might
mean something different when you
say driver in the net
wino world. Yeah. In the,
in the dotnet micro framework
world and the, in the
net Dino world, driver's a
much simpler thing. If you
are hooking up an led
to a pin on the
net, Dino, you simply say,
turn this on and off
that driver has already built
into the micro framework. It's
an object called output port.
If you hook up a
push button and you want
to sense when someone pushes
it, you use an input
port. If you want to
control a motor, you use
a builtin driver called PWM.
All those things are built
in for most of what
you do on a day
to day basis. What you
create drivers for are things
like a GPS sensor. And
really when we say driver
for a GPS sensor, what
we mean is parsing the
GPS messages to pull out
your location. The good news
is there's a huge community
of pers people building net
Duino, drivers, parsers all this
stuff today, and you can
download a lot of them
right off our community forums.
Okay. There's a push button
on this thing. And while
I could get a shield
or I could do without
a board, what if I
just wanted to plug in
an led? What if I
just went to radio shack
and got an led with
two little wires? Could I
just shove those two little
wires into one of these
IO ports and suddenly I'm
I'm, I'm good. And I
can make it so I
can push the button and
that light will turn on.
Yeah, actually, actually you can
two things there. One is
that the push button on
the net do we know
can function as a reset
button or a push button
that you can use in
your code. And there's also
an led built onto the
net Duino so you can
actually create a program, your
first net Duino app blinking
that light. I'm tapping out
Morse code and making your
own little one light version
of Simon, which someone on
the forums is actually dead
using the net Duino itself
by simply getting an led
and plugging it into one
of the pins. And then
into one of the ground
headers, you can now drive
an external led without changing
your code at all. All
you have to do is
say, use that pen. Instead
of the onboard led. When
I, when I start doing
this, I I've got visual
studio installed and I just
plug the net Duino in
via USB and other drivers
to install. Can you kind
of walk me through the
process? Yeah. So the, the
set up process is pretty
straightforward. First, you're going to
need visual studio, all of
the commercial versions work and
visual C-sharp express 2010 also
works beautifully. So once you
have your development environment installed,
you install the.net micro framework,
SDK, and then you install
the net Duino SDK within
it. Do you know, SDK,
it automatically takes care of
all the drivers and all
the libraries for you. So
when you start a visual
studio, you just create a
net Duino app and you're
off and running. Okay. And
then when I'm in my
main, there are these classes
for output port and then
import, how do I hook
those up to the pins?
I mean, is this pretty
low level? I mean, I
need to go and say
pin number one is the
input port that I'm interested
in and things like that.
So this is C sharp.
This is.net. So to Blinken
led, for instance, you're going
to create an output poor
object, and that's as simple
as typing output port led
equals new output port. And
then you tell it which
pen you want to use.
That's all you need to
do to hook it up.
And then you say led
dot, right, true to turn
it on or led dot,
write false to turn it
off. This, this is, this
is very similar to what
you do on the desktop
to print a line to
the screen or to send
a bit of data. Hmm.
And like we heard with
Colin last, last week, it's,
it's a really tiny, but
real little a CLR. It's
got garbage collection and memory
and it behaves exactly like
you'd expect. And the, in
the couple of projects that
I've worked on, you know,
you hit that five and
it really did bugs and
you're stepping through it and
you've got to call stack
and you've got local watches.
It's, it's, it's creepy. And
it's, it's amazing. Well, that,
that's exactly right. And you've
hit on something right there,
which really differentiates this from
the eight-bit open opensource electronics
world, two things. Number one
is you have powerful tools
and a relative bugger. If
you take someone else's app
someone else's project they've built,
you can pause it. You
can step through it. You
can learn how things work.
And then as you create
your own sophisticated projects, when
you run into a bug
in your system, you can
just set a break point
and you can analyze what's
going on in the system.
And you're not trying to
write out print statements through
a serial port and diagnosing
things. You're hyper terminal. The
other side of that coin
is you are using visual
studio. And with, for instance,
the net Duino, plus you
can create an Azure app
in the cloud and a
windows phone app, or frankly,
an iPhone app, cause it's
platform agnostic from a communication
standpoint. And then in that
Duino plus app, and you
can have a whole world
of things talking, using the
same code written in the
same environment, and you can
debug all of them. Hi,
this is Scott coming to
you from another place in
time. Are you using agile
practices to manage your software
development? There's lots of tools
in the market that manage
the steps of a project,
but most of them focus
on individual roles, get ready
for a solution that caters
for the success of the
whole team. Guys at Tellerik
introduced team pulse. It's an
agile project management tool. That'll
help you gather ideas, estimate
plan, track progress in a
common workspace. Finally companies, regardless
of their size can use
a lightweight and convenient tool
that makes all the stakeholders
work as a United team.
Even if they're in different
countries by combining intuitive user
interface and the power server
light team poles removes the
roadblocks that you typically face
and applying agile in an
effective manner, no more lost
data, no disparate systems, no
lack of critical analytics regarding
the health philosophy project. See
if yourself get a free
copy for five users in
one project at tellerik.com/team pulse.
And please do thank Tellerik
for supporting Hanselman it's on
their Facebook fan page, facebook.com/t
L E R I K
Tellerik. We do appreciate it.
There wouldn't be a Hansel
minutes if there wasn't Tellerik
helping us. Okay. So juxtapose
the difference in that we
know, and we know plus,
Okay, so net Torino and
net Duino plus the basic
difference is the nit we
know, plus adds integrated open
source networking, which is also
pretty exclusive here. The ambit
world. You can't do that.
And it also adds a
micro SD slot so that
you can store data. Well
I'm the micro SD could
be, could be gigs. I
mean, I could have like
a sensor array that could
be collecting information and could
just dump it onto the
SD card. Absolutely. You can
put a two gigabyte micro
SD card right in there.
Wow. And I'm using at
Dino's specific file access. Are
we using system.io? You are
using system to IO. It's
just like you were using
the desktop.net framework. That's pretty
cool. And for networking, it's
exactly the same as well.
I've always kind of wondered
if this was a secret
that Microsoft was keeping like
it's, it's a pretty small
team, right? I mean, do
you, do you call Colin
and the guys and like
Don it micro framework team
and just chat with them?
Or is it, is it
different than working with other
people at Microsoft? Yeah, so
the dynamic or framework team
is pretty cool. It's a
small group of people and
then they have some other
people that work with them.
But in addition to that,
there's, what's called the core.net
micro framework team. And I
was actually honored. They invited
one of us from secret
labs to join, but a
couple of companies have representatives
and like a traditional open
source project. A lot of
us are contributing code and
checking things back into the
core. So when we make
a tweak to that micro
framework, let's say for the
net, Duino, you'll actually see
those roll back into the
main code base and benefit
any high end net micro
framework boards, the, you know,
800 megahertz video, decoding ones,
whichever ones out there. Wow.
Have you personally, or has
your, you and your team
changed the framework in some
way? Have you checked in
code that is now shipping
with the framework? Oh yeah,
absolutely. Actually in the QFT
one update, we worked with
the doctor at Microframe or
team to find a bug
in the core. And that
was actually checked in during
the development of net Duino
we were actually pretty active
and I don't want to
take much credit for our
team of helping drive the
dotnet micro framework because, you
know, we might help with
0.0, 1% of the code.
The guys at Microsoft spent
years making this thing. It's
a pretty amazing platform. Was
it a big deal for
them to take, take, take
backs? Because I mean, I
really try to push open
source that I work in
the, in the web stack
and you know, we're, we're
slowly turning this ship around
in being able to take
takebacks will be a big
deal. When we, you know,
when we start doing it
on a regular basis, do
you have any idea how,
how they're pulling this off,
how they're able to do
this so smoothly? What sorts
of Microsofts and interesting thing
people have traditionally looked at
Microsoft as a company, which
doesn't give things out, or
if they give things out,
they're not giving you the
source code, there's a special
license to it. There's been
a lot of misconceptions of
intent, I think in the
past, or maybe not the
reality of the situation is
that Microsoft is started adopting.
What's called the Apache 2.0
license, which is an industry
standard, open source license.net micro
framework uses it. Iron Python
uses it. But what this
allows us to do is
use the code Plex website
at Microsoft to do open
source projects, just like a
traditional open source project, like
Linux there's still control over
the project. Every project has
its leaders and people that
approve check-ins et cetera, et
cetera, but we can go
to COVID Plex and simply
submit code. That's pretty cool.
I hope that it's like
that with most things, you
know, that's my goal. That's
one of the reasons I
came to work here was
to make sure that that
everyone could do that. And
it sounds like it's slowly
but surely we're gonna, we're
going to make it happen.
Well, in, in the.net micro
framework, 4.1, there were entire
classes that were donated. Some
expanded collection capabilities for instance,
were donated by members of
the community. Yeah. I mean,
that's the way, that's the
way it should be, right?
It should be more than
just bugs. It should be
a ongoing collaboration. I think
with the community that you
were gonna, you were going
to announce something today, you've
got the net, do we
know you got the net
Reno plus that adds a
networking and adds to the
SD card slot, but you've
got something that you've been
cooking up. We have a,
we have a little surprise
today. It's a, it's a
new project. We have two
surprises. The first is for
that net plus book there's
under that, that we know
plus board, there's actually a
book coming out called getting
started with the internet of
things published by O'Reilly, which
we'll be putting sample chapters
of that on our website
dot com in the
next week or two. So
people can check that out
and see how to build
internet connected devices using dotnet
micro framework that can also
talk to.net apps on the
desktop. That's surprise number one,
but surprise number two, which
I think you're alluding to
is a new net. Duino
it's called the net Dino
mini, and it's a tiny
it's like 0.7, two square
inches version of the net.
Duino that you can not
only plug into a breadboard
to do traditional electronics design,
but when you create something
with your regular net Torino
and you want to go
to market with it, it
gives you a really inexpensive,
tiny little chip. You can
solder into a simple circuit
board and make real products.
Okay. Wow. Okay. So let
me see if I understand
this. Cause then the Duino
itself, the one that we
play with, you know, with
the kit is what, what's
the size of this thing?
It's like three or three
inches by something it's like
2.1, three inches. Yeah, absolutely.
It's 2.8 by 2.1, 2.8
by 2.1. So, you know,
you kind of visualize that
folks that are listening and
you, you might say, well,
now I've got it working
and it's kind of this
Frankenstein prototype. How am I
going to shoehorn this, you
know, two inch by three
inch thing into my, my
project. How big is the
mini It's an inch it's
just over an inch long
and 0.6 inches wide. It's
1.2 by 0.6 inches. It's
the exact same size as
a standard 1.2 inch depth
microprocessor chip, like you might
see in an electronics product
today. It is tiny, tiny,
tiny. Wow. Okay. And does
it have the same 32
bit microcontrollers still 48 megahertz
and it's an arm and
it's got the same storage
and Ram has the bigger
one. It actually does. It's
the exact same processor and
it's in a different size
of what's called a package
in order to fit it
onto this size. We had
to use a little more
expensive version of the microcontroller,
but you actually get a
little bit more Ram because
it's a microchip form factor
or a dip chip form
factor. It doesn't have USB
on it. It has an
RSD 32 port. Well that
saves us a little bit
of memory. So you actually
get 4k extra space. I
think that's just such a
different world. The idea that
it's 2010 and that people
will rejoice in that extra
4k cause I'm sure that
the people who are listening
are like, yes, the four
candidates arrived and I can,
I, can You only get
about two K of Ram
on most of the chips?
So the fact that we
started with 60 and now
we're going up to 64,
it's like, we, we, we
doubled what you used to
have right there with four.
That's awesome. So like, I'm
like, I'm looking at my,
the electronics products that I
have all over my desk
here. I've got my, my
job on a Bluetooth headset.
I've got my, my electronic
watch. I've got my M
audio microtrack audio recorder. And
I'm realizing that all of
these consumer electronic devices are
smaller than the original net
Duino, which makes sense for,
for hobbyists. But the, the
men that do, you know,
many will fit in any
of these, even inside the,
the job own tiny Bluetooth
headset. So you expect people
will make commercial products with
this. Well, yes and no.
Yeah, absolutely. Yes, but there's
actually three markets here for
the net. We know many,
a lot of educators like
teaching with the traditional microchip
debt form factor as, as
an actual teaching aid. So
people are learning at a
more raw level, how these
things work. You also have
the commercial world and we
already have some test customers
who are playing with the
net. We know many and
are looking at putting it
into testing apparatuses products, et
cetera. But, you know, for
users who are using net
dinos and building things, making
UAV, making a lot of
different projects, net Dino's, even
though they're small are still
big. And it's something like
a net wino mini, which
is almost weightless it's so
light just makes the perfect
hobbyist product as well. And
it's less than $30. So
it's kind of a no
brainer just to pick one
up. Wow. That's cool. Well,
very cool. Congratulations. No, we're,
I'm excited to talk about
it on your show. This
is going to be a
surprise to a lot of
people. I'm glad. I'm glad.
So tell me about some
of the cool things that
people have built is, I
mean, I've, I'm still throwing
kind of think about what
I could build and I've
been doing some basics. I've
been learning, I've done, you
know, Morse code. And I,
I played with some Arduino
stuff hooking up a, an
existing old RS, two 32
piece of hardware. And I'm
trying to think about how
I could move that over
to an environment that I'm
more familiar with. But tell
me about some of the
projects that people are building.
Oh, absolutely. And this is,
this is what gets me
most excited. You know, as
much as net do we
know as a, as a,
as a product and a
microcontroller board, you can use
to take your.net skills and
apply them to electronics. It's
a community, a community of
people building really, really awesome
projects. And we like to
celebrate those first of all,
go to the projects page
or the community page on
that tweener.com. And you'll see
some of the stuff people
are building, but since you
mentioned it, let me name
a few of them that
I personally love that people
have built already. How's that?
Okay. So one of my
favorites is actually a, a
Morse code Dakota. There's the
projects range from what people
call pointless to really cool
and community member Hari built
a March code Dakota. Someone
had created an app which
took strings of text and
blink them out via the
led on the net. We
know in Morse code, old
school style. So Hari saw
that and said, Oh, one
up that. And so he
took a light sensor and
a breadboard at a net
wino and decodes the messages
and puts them out on
an LCD text display. So
you could have say a
net wino plus getting tweets
from the internet, blinking the
mountain Morse code, and then
another net. Do we know
sensing those via a light
sensor and printing out the
text to a display, which
most people would say would
be completely pointless, but he
had so much fun building
it. You could see his
joy in his posts on
the website. Other community members
have created their own traffic
lights. Community members have created
music players, which takes super
Mario brothers theme and play
it out RFID reader apps,
which consents your car, pulling
into the garage or the
distance of something. If you
look at the forums, you'll
see a colorimeter that was
created by David Powell, from Hartford
hackerspace, a local maker group
down in Hartford. And it
senses the color of something
you put in front of
it and then changes the
led to match. Chris. Ceto
created a self driving car.
It's a little model car,
although it's pretty powerful, which
uses this really rich GPS
library, gyros, accelerometers, and it
can navigate itself through different
mazes or in its own
little. Wow. Okay. What's what's
the biggest project that's been
made as far as like
the most sophisticated where have
any project snuck up on
you where you said, wow,
this guy came out of
nowhere with this. Yeah. You
know, I would say that
people who are putting that
dinos and balloons and sending
them up with camera, shutter,
timers, and GPS receivers, or
people who are creating the,
you know, self driving car
like Chris dados rawr, I
think those are probably on
the, on the most sophisticated
dance, the simpler ones, you
know, the breathalyzers and the
Morse code decoders are a
lot of fun and, and
some of them are quick
and some of them are
not, but the really rich
ones with GPS and sensors
and communication between multiple networks
via ZigBee, those are, those
are really impressive. And what's
crazy is they've been put
together in a matter of
days. No, you just use
a term called ZigBee. Can
you explain what that is?
Yeah. So ZigBee is a
wireless protocol. Think of something
like a series of a
wireless serial port, except it
can bounce between devices. So
you're not limited to just
direct range. You can have
a bunch of devices talking
to each other that repeat
through each other. And there's
an XP shelled XB as
a brand name for the
ZigBee protocol. You can plug
into an Edwina and then
you can talk between multiple
net dinos wirelessly. So you
can have a small army
of swarm bots, which communicate
and dig into rebel at
a disaster site, take photos
of people and relay back
their coordinates. It's really crazy
stuff. Wow. So it is
a series. It's a wireless
serial port. It's just as
simple as talking to a
serial port. It's a wireless
protocol. It can represent a
serial port. You could do
all kinds of things with
it, but most people just
use it as a syrup.
Okay. Most people who are
listening probably took some hardware
classes in college, but you
know, they may have forgotten
a lot of that. And
I, you know, I find
that when I'm doing hardware,
that's not net Duino related.
I'm thinking about voltages and
resistors. And I get the
old multimedia out. How much
time do I have to
spend in this environment thinking
about things like that, lower
level stuff, where can I
build a project without ever
getting my multimeter out? A
lot of our users do
not have multi meters. We
don't list it on the
standard list of what you
need to use a net
to know that said, you
know, having advanced tools like
a multimeter, which aren't terribly
expensive is a really great
thing to have your, your
best resource honestly, is the
net Duino community that you
go to the net doing
a website, click on community.
And there are hundreds of
people who are chatting about
projects that they're building, growing
the thousands actually. And they'll
help you. If you have
a question they can actually
teach you about electronics, there's
tutorials online. There's tons of
C sharp code out there.
It's really easy to get
into this. Okay. Well, that's
cool. Well, I know that
Pete Brown and I have
been having a lot of
fun playing with this and
ultimately it's just trying to
figure out what we want
to do. Just trying to
think about the possibilities, you
know? Yep. Have I given
you some ideas here? You
have, I've got this arcade
machine that I built a
while back a retro retro
arcade, and I never hooked
up the, the coin slot.
I never hooked up the
quarter slot. So was trying
to figure out what I
could build that would do
something cool. Maybe keeping track
of how many, how many
coins are in the slot.
Maybe build it with one
of my sons and see
if I could get this
30 year old hardware to,
to hook up to the
brand new hardware and then
register that acquaint has been
entered in. Yeah, absolutely. And
if that queen slot has
a sensor, which sends a
voltage signal or changes a
analog sensor, whenever a coin
goes in, you can interface
that with the existing dotnet
micro framework, you don't need
anything extra. Hmm. So I
wouldn't need, I would, I
would make a driver for
my 30 year old queen
slot. I think that would
probably be just talk to
this pen and listen for
voltage. And we love old
technology. Someone created an extra
sketch, a project using a
using dotnet micro framework that
you put in a drawing
in it. It actually turns
that ops. It's amazing how
you can take the old
technology and the new and
just mash them together. Very
cool. Well, thanks so much
for coming on the show
and sharing that with, with
us. And, and when can
we get more information with
the net? We know Minnie,
So the net, no mini
will actually be live in
the next few days on
the website. It shipping next
month, a number of resellers
will be taking preorders on
it, but all the specs
are on the website at
net. Do we know.com forward
slash net? Do we know
many? Cool. And then I
would also encourage folks who
haven't heard already the, to
listen to the show with
Colin Miller, it goes into
more detail about the dominance
micro framework itself, and what's
going on at that level.
And that you can see,
I think it's net mf.com.
Thank you so much. And
this has been another episode
of Hanselminutes and we'll see
you again next week.